You can't leave. It’s not enough for you to leave if you don’t remember me.
You are Huang Zhimai first, visiting the guests.
You want to book a hotel room, but I am forcing you to do so.
Now I took out another bubble brand,
Said it was given by Miss Zhou. You lie so much,
The travel history is suspicious. I still thought it was a small head.
Before things are settled clearly,
You can't leave. I'll wait for you to figure it out.
Miss Meat, it’s just a blessing for you all to be here.
I'll go down here
Who is Yunxi, you drink the water here?
I'll take it
Who are you, bringing some of Tianzhongyunting to make trouble?
Again, I’m not angry.
I'm not like a little empty little devil
What's wrong with you?